feat: add environment variables support (#19)
nrwl/ci: README.md

    # reliably distribute the tasks.
    number-of-agents: 3

>     # [OPTIONAL] A multi-line string environment variables that needs to be passed from parent workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # [OPTIONAL] A multi-line string containing non-secret environment variables which need to be passed from the parent workflow
```

    # to the reusable workflow. The variables are defined in form `VARIABLE_NAME=value`

>     # Note: Environment variable cannot contain secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Note: Environment variables cannot contain values derived from ${{ secrets }} because of how reusable workflows work
```

<!-- start configuration-options-for-agent-jobs -->

```yaml
- uses: nrwl/ci/.github/workflows/nx-cloud-agents.yml@v0.6
  with:
    # [REQUIRED] The number of agents which should be created as part of the workflow in order to
    # allow Nx Cloud to intelligently distribute tasks in parallel.
    number-of-agents: 3

>     # [OPTIONAL] A multi-line string environment variables that needs to be passed from parent workflow

Reviewer: See suggestions above
